Document attr and attribute #1308 (#1311)
python/devguide: documentation/markup.rst

True/False/None         ````True````, ````False````, ````None````   :ref:`inline-markup`
functions definitions   ``.. function:: print(*args)``              :ref:`directives`
functions references    ``:func:`print```                           :ref:`roles`

> attribute definitions   ``.. attribute: `attr-name```               :ref:`directives`

Reviewer: I'm not sure this should be added.  In the table I used `.. function:`/`:func:` as an example, but the same applies for classes, methods, attributes and several other directives/roles pairs.

Perhaps a separate table associating directives with the roles that can be used to link to them would be better?  (If this is done, it should be a separate PR.).

            Description of the attribute.

>    This directive should be used for defining attributes.::
> 
>       .. attribute:: my-attr
>          This attribute `my-attr` should be defined with this directive.
> 

Reviewer 2: We can delete this bit, it's essentially duplicating the "ham" example just before:
```suggestion
```

>    When referring to an attribute, use the ``:attr:`my-attr``` role::
> 
>       :attr:`my-attr`
>          Use this role to refer to the attribute `my-attr`
> 

Reviewer 2: And let's modify this to use "ham", and roles are usually used inline:
```suggestion
   Refer to attributes with ``:attr:`` role::

      Use the :attr:`ham` attribute to spam the eggs.
```
(Or something else [Pythonesque](https://www.oxfordreference.com/display/10.1093/oi/authority.20110803100356667) :)

            Description of the attribute.

> 
>    Refer to an attribute, use the ``:attr:`` role::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Refer to an attribute using the ``:attr:`` role::
```

Reviewer: While this is useful here, the same could be done for other directives too, like the `class` just above or the `method` just below.  It would be nice if the documentation was consistent.

Author: > While this is useful here, the same could be done for other directives too, like the `class` just above or the `method` just below. It would be nice if the documentation was consistent.

should it be seperate pr?

Reviewer 2: Either way is fine, but smaller PRs are easier to review and merge.

Would you like to make a separate follow-up PR? :)

Author: > Either way is fine, but smaller PRs are easier to review and merge.
> 
> Would you like to make a separate follow-up PR? :)

sure. and when will this pr be merged ? #1311

Reviewer 2: Let's do it now :)

Thank you for the PR!
